okay we will use citrix to control the
ipod so we use the iphone as a mouse and
you'll see how it moves it's pretty easy
you have to you need citrix on both
devices and then set them up on the
official website and just to come figure
8 the well the account and then here let
me show you you will see this is like a
click symbol it says that is waiting to
find advice
so hearing the ipod we have to have that
too ah so you go to let's say word
it will open it and then you have to
well press the Bluetooth symbol and it
will be it will ask you here on the
iphone you want to confirm the
connection you say yes and then there
you go you have as you can see here you
have it work ok thank you guys for
watching